you had this amazing career in TV now
you're going back to your roots yeah
well you know I started off as a
stand-up and I wanted to get back on the
road with the fans
[Music]
all we really are is just an
accumulation of every shitty thing
that's ever happened to us before today
I don't remember when I got my
television show picked up I remember
when it was canceled I just remember the
bad [ __ ]
I gotta get off the road it's killing me
Michaels pilot is getting shopping why
didn't you tell me well I was gonna tell
you but I know how depressed you are
when you come off the road you didn't
think I'd be happy for you are you yes
no you come to work on the Jack Taylor
show co-hosts audience warm-up guy you
want me to be your fluffer Jack rather
kill myself to become a stand-up same
way every comedian gets into stand-up
fuck-ups in high schools at some point
you wake up and you realize I have one
skill it's making people laugh I know
that you've lost that I'm just not in
the head space to do this you don't have
to dance for these clowns but you're
gonna have to dance for me [ __ ] if
you're miserable on the road why do you
keep going out there
[Music]
I think it's just all I know
I want a psychic me too
what Nancy and I are gonna head up to my
room
here we got going here a
hearing-impaired
this guy's not cracked a smile the whole
night why isn't he laughing I can't make
you funny
[Music]
want some help in there